doc: add-on v1.0.1 release notes (#719)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/releases_and_migration/release_notes_addon_v101.rst

.. _sidewalk_release_notes_addon_v101:

Release notes for Amazon Sidewalk Add-On v1.0.1
###############################################

This page tracks changes and updates as compared to the latest official release.
For more information refer to the following section.

For the list of potential issues, see the :ref:`known_issues` page.

Changelog
*********

This is a bugfix release, with no new features or backward compatibility issues.

> * Updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:

```

  * Fixed BLE MAC rotation issue, changed from static to private.
  * Workaround for the issue with the nanopb implementation.

>   * Removed unused tools.

Author: Please verify after change

.. _sidewalk_release_notes_addon_v101:

Release notes for Amazon Sidewalk Add-On v1.0.1
###############################################

This page tracks changes and updates as compared to the latest official release.
For more information refer to the following section.

For the list of potential issues, see the :ref:`known_issues` page.

Changelog
*********

This is a bugfix release, with no new features or backward compatibility issues.

* Updated:

>   * Security Fix: Resolved an issue with Bluetooth LE MAC address rotation by replacing the static address with a private address, enhancing device privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed security issue with Bluetooth LE MAC address rotation by replacing the static address with a private address, enhancing device privacy.
```
